Align the github issue templates and links (#539)
openops-cloud/openops: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
name: "Report a Bug"

> about: "Report a bug in the OpenOps platform or its documentation"

Reviewer: Not sure if documentation should be here at all, but if we keep it here we could change this to:

```suggestion
about: "Report a bug in the OpenOps platform or a problem with the documentation"
```

Author: Yea you're right I'll remove it

> labels: ["bug"]

Reviewer: Labels should be uppercase like in Linear
